.TH MAKE_MSMS_PLOT 1 2025-Jun "" "Generate mirror plots for spectrum alignment results"
.SH NAME
make_msms_plot \- make_msms_plot(result,
    <i>visual.dir</i> = <span style='color: brown;'><strong>'./'</strong></span>)
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fImake_msms_plot(result,
    <i>visual.dir</i> = <span style='color: brown;'><strong>'./'</strong></span>)\fR
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBresult\fB \fR\- . A list or data frame containing spectrum alignment results. Each element must include: - `name`: Compound identifier (character). - `adducts`: Adduct information (character or `NA`). - `mz`: Mass-to-charge ratio (numeric). - `rt`: Retention time in seconds (numeric). - `xcms_id`: Unique XCMS identifier (character or numeric). - `alignment`: Spectrum alignment data (list or string).
.PP
.PP
\fBvisual.dir\fB \fR\- './'. 
.PP
.SH VALUE
.PP
Invisibly returns `NULL`. The function primarily generates side effects by saving plot files to the specified directory. Files are named in the format: `{xcms_id}@{normalized_name}.svg/png`.
.PP
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
# Example usage: result <- list( list( name = "Compound1", adducts = "[M+H]+", mz = 456.123, rt = 300, xcms_id = "XCMS_001", alignment = "parsed_alignment_data" ) ) make_msms_plot(result, visual_dir = "./output_plots")
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
- `normalizeFileName()` for filename sanitization. - `parse.spectrum_alignment()` for alignment data parsing.
.SH FILES
.PP
SMRUCC/R#.declare_function.make_msms_plot at msms_plot.R:line 39
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © xieguigang, MIT Licensed 2025
